Update long-format documentation (#72)
FRBCesab/funbiogeo: vignettes/long-format.Rmd

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse  = TRUE,
  comment   = "#>",
  out.width = "100%"
)
```

```{r setup}
library(funbiogeo)
```

The `funbiogeo`package requires that information is structured in three different datasets:

- the **species x traits** `data.frame` (`species_traits` in `funbiogeo`)
- the **site x species** `data.frame` (`site_species` in `funbiogeo`)
- the **site x locations** object (`site_locations` in `funbiogeo`)

> 

Reviewer: Just a question: you always seem to add so much space between paragraphs. You don't like having single empty lines or you prefer to have more space in the final document?
(Real question not a suggestion😅)

Author: Yes 😄  I like that my code breathe 😄 othewise I suffocate 😄

## Wide vs long format

> In `funbiogeo` these three datasets **must be** in a wide format (variables are 
> spread across columns), but sometimes information is structured in a long format 
> (one column for several variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `funbiogeo` these three datasets **must be** in a wide format (=where one row hosts several variables across columns), but sometimes information is structured in a long format 
(=one observation per row, also called [**tidy** format](https://r4ds.had.co.nz/tidy-data.html)).
```

long_data <- data.frame("site"       = rep(LETTERS[1:3], 4),
                        "species"    = c(rep("species_1", 3), rep("species_2", 3), 
                                         rep("species_3", 3), rep("species_4", 3)),
                        "occurrence" = c(1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0))

knitr::kable(long_data, caption = "Long format dataset",
             align = rep("c", ncol(long_data)))
```

## The `fb_format_*()` functions

If your data are not split into these three wider datasets, you can use the 
functions `fb_format_*()` to create these specific objects from a long format 
dataset.

- The function `fb_format_site_locations()` allows to extract the 
**site x locations** information from the long format data
- `fb_format_site_species()` allows to extract the 
**site x species** information from the long format data
- `fb_format_species_traits()` allows to extract the 
**species x traits** information from the long format data

All these functions take a long dataset as input (argument `data`), where one 
row corresponds to the occurrence/abundance/coverage of one species at one site 
and output a wider object.

## Usage

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`funbiogeo` provides a small excerpt of long format data to show how to use the functions.
This data sits at `system.file("extdata", "raw_mammals_data.csv", package = "funbiogeo")`
```
